fix: update readme (#57)
tinacms/tina-cloud-starter: README.md

## Register your local application with Tina Cloud

1. Visit [auth.tina.io](https://auth.tina.io/register), create an organization, and sign in. Make a note of your orgnization name.

> 2. Create a Tina Cloud app which connects to the GitHub repository you've just forked. Once your app is created, open the app configuration (click on the app) and copy the client ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a Tina Cloud app which connects to the GitHub repository you've just forked. Once your app is created, click on the app to get to the app settings and copy the client ID.
```
